Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[slow techno music]
[upbeat funk music]
- Damn.
[Ronnie coughing]
[phone ringing]
Yo.
- [Karey] Yo. where
the fuck you been at?
- Man. I'm here. I just woke up.
What's up?
- [Karey] Shit. you tell me.
I had people looking for you.
What the fuck happened?
[punches striking]
- All the poker. all that money.
All that money.
- Shit. nothing I can't handle.
Just a little run-in
with them fucks.
- [Karey] Oh. is that what
they call it nowadays?
A little run-in?
- Yeah. something like that.
- [Karey] Boy. you
know you need to quit.
Don't even worry about it.
I got it handled.
- [Karey] I don't know
whether to call you
the luckiest guy alive
or just pure fuckin' stupid.
- I'm still breathing. right?
Right.
- [Karey] Well. that's
what I'm talking about.
You gotta be more conservative.
Nothing is guaranteed out here.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- [Karey] You know
exactly what I mean.
- [Ronnie] I don't
have it as you do.
Some of us gotta be more
aggressive and make a way.
Not everyone is blessed
the way you are.
- Well. if you had
played your cards right
like I had told you.
then maybe you wouldn't have
to take so many chances.
And then you'd be
be able to enjoy
some of the simple
pleasures in life.
- [Ronnie] Such as.
- Such as having a pretty
young thing treat you
in the morning.
This looks good.
Ooh. yes. thank you.
- Shit. I'm glad everything
it taught you paid off.
- [Karey] Taught me.
- Shit. I aint' stuttered.
- [Karey] Is that
what you tell yourself
to make yourself feel better?
I'm sorry to tell you.
but some people are just born
with this kind of talent.
For real. though. you had
me shittin' for a second.
I'm gonna need you
to play your hands
a little tighter.
Everything doesn't
have to be a crapshoot.
[dramatic hip hop music]
- [Ronnie] What can I say?
Some people weren't
meant for discomfort.
That's half the game.
- [Karey] Luck is
what I call it.
- [Ronnie] Well.
luck is pure nuts.
Wish you had some of mine.
- [Karey] Fuck you.
I don't need any nuts here.
The good Lord blessed me
with the strong ovaries
and some good game is
what I like to call it.
- Yeah. whatever.
- [Karey] But. for real. though.
You need to chill with that.
Lord knows I wouldn't want
to get that 3 a.m.
knock on my door
by the police and
reverend saying
that they found a body
floating in this city river.
This ain't PS4 where you
get three extra lives
in your back pocket.
- Yeah. I know. I know.
- [Karey] Life is too precious.
Anyway. how them
winnins' look last night?
- [Ronnie] Lovely.
Some that always
feels real good.
Especially when
you bluff someone
with a 2-7 off suit.
- [Karey] Nice.
- What's good. bro.
[Ronnie grunting]
- Hey. bro. get the
money. get the money.
Not all of it.
What's up!
- [Karey] You need to stop
playing in the back alleys
and upgrade to a real casino.
- Maybe one day.
How did you make out. though?
- Not so bad myself.
Man. I had them
sweating bullets.
I mean. if I didn't
know any better.
I probably couldn't
played 2-7 off suit
all night long and still
would've came out on top.
- [Ronnie] Really. though?
- I don't see why not.
Shit. I was thinking
about taking
my talents to Vegas
on the WSOP tour.
I don't see anybody on ESPN
that can take my chips.
Man. I could probably
run circles around them.
They don't know
what real poker is.
- [Ronnie] Shit.
if that's the case.
no need for you to be
applying for med school then.
- Well. somebody's gotta do it
to keep these dumb
asses from thinking
they could outplay me.
[glass breaking]
- Shit. hold on a second.
- [Karey] I don't know why
you acting like it ain't true.
- Whatever.
What you need to do
is stick to the books.
- [Karey] My grades are fine.
No need to worry about them.
- What's up tonight. though?
You stopping by Tommy's.
- [Karey] I'll be
there after my shift.
- Okay. cool.
I gotta go by and see
my advisor later today.
- [Karey] You still trying
to holler at Tiffany?
- It's not hollering
when your whispers
is just as strong.
♪ Booty poppin'
♪ Booty booty booty
♪ Poppin'
♪ Booty poppin'
♪ Bottle bottle racks
♪ Booty booty booty
♪ Poppin'
♪ Booty poppin'. booty poppin'
♪ Bottle bottle racks
♪ Booty poppin'
♪ Booty booty booty
♪ Poppin'
♪ Booty poppin'
♪ Bottle bottle racks
♪ Booty booty booty
♪ Poppin'
♪ Booty poppin'
♪ Bottle bottle racks
♪ Bom bom bom bom
♪ Booty poppin'
- I'll call you later. okay.
- Promise?
- Yes. now go.
you're gonna be late.
I'll call you later.
- All right. talk to you later.
- All right.
- A little late
for you to be up.
- Yeah. I guess.
- New girlfriend?
- Mm-hmm.
- So what's that?
Number four this month?
- So. I made the dean's
list this semester.
I'm about to go and
meet with my advisor.
I mean. she thinks
I'm gonna have
some pretty good
programs looking at me
by the end of the year.
[mother scoffing]
Mom.
That can mean a full ride.
So you have nothing to say?
Sorry. it just. it slipped.
I gotta go.
- You do that.
- I need a ride to school.
- Where your girlfriend?
You can't find one of them
to take you to school?
- Mom. I have to get to school.
Are you gonna take me or not?
- Girl. come on.
get on my nerves.
[jazz funk music]
♪ All eyes on her
when she walked in ♪
♪ Men falling to the
floor at her dispense ♪
♪ Can't they see that
she's the devil ♪
♪ Red bottoms. diamond collar
♪ Mac makeup skin
♪ She'll suck the soul
right out of you ♪
♪ Leave your head on the floor
♪ Without a care
♪ Fire in her eyes.
that's what she desires ♪
♪ That's when I appeared
♪ And snatched the heart
right out of her chest ♪
♪ Damn. she the devil
♪ She the devil. she the devil
♪ She the devil. she the
devil. she the devil ♪
♪ All eyes were on the devil
♪ She the devil. she the
devil. she the devil ♪
♪ All eyes was on the devil
♪ She the devil. she the
devil. she the devil ♪
♪ To be alone would
be so serious ♪
♪ It's a hundred degrees
♪ I'm burning up in here
♪ I need my soul to be free
♪ Let me go
♪ She the devil. she the
devil. she the devil ♪
♪ All eyes was on the devil
[record scratching]
- [Device] This is a reminder.
Remy is on the way.
- Shit. what time is it?
He'll be here any second.
♪ She desires
♪ That's when I appeared
♪ And snatched the heart
right outta her chest ♪
♪ Damn. she the devil
♪ She the devil. she the devil
♪ She the devil. she the
devil .she the devil ♪
♪ All eyes was on the devil
♪ She the devil
♪ She the devil. she the devil
- Yo. yo.
- Hey. baby.
- Why you not dressed?
- I'm not feeling well.
- You not feeling well?
What's wrong with you?
- I mean. I'm just
not feeling well.
- What you mean?
Like you got the
virus or something?
- I mean. yes. I think
I do got a virus.
- No. we not doing this. man.
Like every time I'm trying
to do something for us.
you got some type of excuse.
Either you tired
or now you sick.
- I mean. it's not like
I meant to get sick Remy.
- Well. who should I blame?
You do this every time.
- I mean. where's
all this coming from?
- It's coming from you
and your bullshit ass excuses.
To be honest with you.
I'm over it. I'm done.
- Are you serious?
- I'm dead ass serious.
- Wow. Remy. like what?
- Wow.
- Look. don't wow me.
You should be looking
at yourself that way.
because every time I
wanna do something for us.
you got an excuse.
You tired and today. you sick.
I think we need some time apart.
So. when you're free.
when you not busy. hit me up.
[techno funk music]
- So. how we looking?
- Looks good.
You should be proud of yourself.
- Really?
Wow. I didn't know if I seemed
to anxious or over confident.
- Well. isn't that
how you really feel?
- Look. they don't need
to see you sweating.
- This isn't a card game.
You don't always have
to hide your emotions.
It's okay to show them
that you really want this.
- Bullshit.
Everything's a card game.
There's always a first
place. second place.
all of that.
That's all it is.
- And what happens
when you don't win?
- Then I just keep going back
until I get that W that I need.
- I don't know
why I even bother.
Anyway. you have got a real shot
at a full ride here.
There are not a lot of people
who can say that
they got a full ride
to MIT for grad school.
If you keep doing
what you're doing.
you keep this up. you could
be the next Steve Jobs.
- I know. I know.
I just gotta keep
believing in myself.
- That's what I like to hear.
In addition to that.
I don't think I need
to remind you what you need
to keep doing in order
to make this happen.
- No need to bust
out the mug shot
of photos of people
that didn't make it.
- I'm just saying.
I had to put it out there.
Stay focused.
- Thanks.
- Any time you need me.
I mean. really.
Any time you feel like
you need anything extra.
just let me know.
- Okay.
I will.
- Don't forget to
pick me up tonight.
- I won't forget.
[dramatic music]
- [Counselor] Next.
Hello. what's your name?
- Sarriyah.
Sarriyah Bentley.
- [Counselor] Hello. Ms.
Bentley. how can I help you?
[dramatic music]
- Hey. man. hurry up
and select your team. bro.
- Bruh. can't rush greatness
in these talents man.
- Oh. my goodness.
- Plus. my talents
rely elsewhere anyways.
- Look. bruh. you
can't say your name
and talent in the
same sentence at all.
- Whatever. man.
- Hey. brother. don't you think
you need to slow
up a little bit.
- What's that even
supposed to mean?
- I'm saying. you just
broke up with Ashley
not too long ago.
- Yo. that's cool and all
but I can't be stuck on that.
especially when I see
opportunity knocking.
[guns exploding]
- You a trip.
- Don't look at me.
- That's cool.
I'm a just focus on
what God created for me
in the first place.
Oh. man.
- Unless you want the shit I had
for breakfast and lunch
all over your sneakers.
I suggest you give me 50 feet.
- Man. you be tryin'
to front. man.
Out of all the women
that I choose to flirt with.
I give you the most attention.
I mean. alght. see
what she don't know.
You know what I'm saying.
- You back the racks out.
- You could be fuckin'
with a real nigga.
but you choose to play dumb.
- Who says I was looking
for a nigga to begin with.
Besides. they way
y'all built nowadays.
I might as well flip
to the sweet side.
- And I'm cool with that.
Just let me tag team
with you on that.
- I'm good.
The day I need help to satisfy
the person I'm in bed with.
I'll join a monastery.
Besides. you won't
catch my underwear
next to a trophy case.
- No.
I wouldn't do that to you.
- Nikki. you still
trying to play or what?
- Yeah. it's on my to do list.
- Oh. you tryin' to
join a bougie club. huh?
Oh. you gonna have to max out
your pop's credit
card for all of that.
- Uh-uh.
No need for all that.
I have persuasive
talents of my own.
- Just like you and every
other woman on this campus.
- I don't know about the others.
but I don't need anyone
to open doors for me.
- Bullshit. man.
- Think I'm playin'?
- Listen. I'm just sayin'.
You got a better chance
of smashing the
most popular dude
on campus for all that.
- No need for all that.
Not my type of crowd anyway.
Besides. you won't catch
me getting knocked down
like some drum
line or something.
- Aight. you say that now.
but if the opportunity arose.
I guarantee you
you'd grab onto it.
I'm just being serious.
Look. we all know it
ain't always about
what you know to get yourself
through that door.
For sure. how you
think most them girls
got them high paying jobs?
We know it ain't the smarts.
For real.
'Cause I know for
sure all them girls
don't have a 3.8 GPA.
[door closing]
- Hey. my boy. what's
up with you man?
You good?
Oh. you not that good.
Ronnie not that good.
Always.
- I'm about to go smoke man.
- How many fights you gonna
keep getting into. man?
- I don't wanna
talk about it man.
- Jesus Christ. man.
what's going on?
- Man. what's up with those two?
- Man. you know. their usual.
- Man. that dude just
needs to give it up. man.
Didn't he just get
out of a relationship?
- Look. we all know
he been liking Nikki
since high school. bro.
Man. just consistent. bro.
you know that's all it is.
- Yeah. I hear you.
but we all gotta catch
hell every once in a while.
Except for me.
[door closing]
- What up. what up.
- What's up with you?
- Karey bringing it.
- Karey. unh!
Hey. but look. I'm
not gonna lie. man.
I honestly think
that Nikki might be
on the sweet side. bro.
- Really?
Like when the last time
you ever see her with a man?
And then on top of that.
we not fixing to say oh.
it's because she's bougie
as to why she can't get one.
- I mean. maybe that's
just what she likes.
- Yeah. I guess so. bro.
- Well. I mean for now.
I just don't think
that a woman can say
that she doesn't like something
that's she's never had.
- Of course they can.
- I doubt it.
- Oh. really.
- Okay. so have you
ever taken six inches
from another man?
- Hell. no. what the
hell I look like?
- Oh. okay.
So what makes you so sure
that you wouldn't like it?
- Hell. you trippin'.
Look. I could say
the same for you.
- You very well could.
- Here y'all go again.
- Man. what's you trying to say?
- I'm just sayin'.
If y'all gonna be
in here. you know.
with the ruthlessness
and the recklessness.
I might as well. you know.
have another come up.
You know what I'm saying.
I might as well just go
ahead and quit my job
and live off y'all.
- Listen. all I'm
trying to say is
I don't think that a woman
that's never had
a good six inches
in her life can say that
she doesn't want something
that she's never had.
- Oh. dang.
[hip hop music]
Damn.
Man. that's a whole lot...
Damn bougie all at one time.
- Yo. who is that?
- That's them Gammas.
Mm. mm. mm.
- They aight.
- Aight?
Man. look. it look
like they done did
an upgrade on they intake.
- Yeah. you can say that again.
- [Tommy] You could say.
hey. man. chill out.
- What he trying to say is
them ain't the type
of shawties you wanna
associate yourself with.
Man. I heard they crazy bougie.
- You know they only
accept virgins. right?
Just so they don't
have any holes
in their organization.
- You know they fuck with niggas
with real money.
- I guess that rules you out.
- Fuck you.
- Hey. you know you ain't
right for saying that.
- Virgin or not.
I don't care what their
intake requirements are.
I say it's time to make history.
- Dang.
Look like Ronnie ain't
the only one lurking.
- Give it up. K.
You know they don't
swing that way.
- What makes y'all so sure.
I mean. y'all said
half of them never
had something good
anyway. right?
- I guess.
- Something good as
in long and thick?
- Well. I guess that
means you're disqualified.
- Now I know I don't need
to bust out my photo album.
- Oh. yeah. that's cute.
I'll be sure to pull
my track record. too.
so we can compare the two.
- Yeah. let's do that.
So we can see that clearly.
your track record
doesn't compare to mine.
- You're right.
you know I prefer
to wake up to a dime.
rather than the fours and fives
that you like to pull.
Clearly one of mine
is worth 10 of yours.
- Damn. K. sound like you trying
to take the throne.
- I mean. I'm just saying.
It takes a woman to know a woman
and since I know women.
I have a better chance
at making history
than any man would.
- You trying to bet
something on that.
- You already know.
I ain't never run
from the competition.
- Well. shoot. let's go ahead
and get it poppin' then.
50. hundred. hundred and fifty.
- Keep going.
- 200.
- Three.
- What's up.
- What the hell are y'all doing?
- Don't worry Nikki.
It's just a little friendly bet.
And you already
know I ain't afraid
of a challenge.
- Y'all are crazy.
- I'm a poker player.
Of course I'm crazy.
I got a hunnert that says I'll
get a gamble before you.
- A hundred?
That's it?
Look. I'll raise you 500.
Now are you calling
or are you folding?
- I'll re-raise you a thousand.
- Okay. now you talking.
It's about time you
grew some nuts Ron.
I'm proud of you.
- Hold up.
That ain't just a
couple of dollars.
How you know ain't
nobody gonna lie
just to get the thousand?
- The winner's gonna
have to get it on video.
- Only if I get to tape
her and her friend.
What? I'm just saying.
- Y'all sure y'all
wanna do this?
- Don't worry.
It's just a little
friendly competition.
- Sounds good to me.
Is that all?
- Not yet.
If I win.
you gotta kiss a boy.
- You cool with that. K?
- Yeah. that's cool
on one condition.
If I win. you gotta
kiss a boy. too.
- What?
- Oh. hell no.
- What? Are you afraid?
How you know you won't like it
if you never had it.
- Oh. shit.
Hey. that's starting
to get better
than reality TV.
Let the games begin.
- Man. look forget all that.
Where y'all tryna go tonight?
- I heard there's this
house party poppin' off.
Y'all tryna go or what?
- [Nikki] Say no more.
[upbeat funk music]
- So I told her. look.
I don't care how old he is.
Ain't nobody sleeping with him
for no hundred dollars.
- Really? And what did he say?
- He had the nerve to
offer me Applebee's.
The nerve of these niggas.
- Are you kidding me?
I mean at least plan something
with a little forethought
into it. something.
- Anh. anh.
My mama taught me
better than that.
I'm not one of these
basic hos out here
eating at these low
class restaurants.
- Right.
- You know. at least get a bitch
a TGI Friday's or something.
You know they got that
two for one special.
Might get you some a little bit.
- [Karey] You are so stupid.
- I'll be right back.
- Hello. how are you?
[dramatic music]
- What do you think about this?
- Huh? It depends.
- On?
- The event. the occasion.
the color. et cetera.
- It's nothing special.
just another college party.
- Oh. yeah. what school?
- GA State.
- Really?
I go there. too. pre-med.
- [Flex] Family doctor?
- Not exactly. I am
going to be a surgeon.
- Oh. nice. so the black
Madison Grey's on deck.
- Exactly. except for this time.
you will not catch me falling
for no Mr. McDreamy.
- Oh. you never know.
I'm sure once your
rings go sky high
when their male patients
get their physicals with you.
- Oh. yeah?
Well. why not the female ones?
- Well. them. too.
Ain't a person on this planet
that can't admire
a pretty smile.
Look like I'll take this.
- All right. nice selection.
I'm sure you'll be
leaving with something.
And if not. you'll
at least catch
a few pretty ones looking.
- Maybe.
Question is. did it
catch you looking?
- Look at you
trying to flirt. aw.
- I know. but did it work?
- I hope not.
because I would hate
to catch my girlfriend at work
flirting with someone else.
- My bad. I didn't know.
- Of course you didn't.
It's okay.
I'm sure you didn't
hear all the ring tones
and vibrations from
all those missed calls
she was getting.
- Look. I don't even have
my phone on me like that.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Let me guess.
You left your phone in the car.
I suggest you come up
with another excuse
because you've used
that one already.
- I think I'll just
take this and go.
- That's a good idea.
- It's a pleasure meeting you?
- Karey.
- Flex.
- No need to feel
any kind of way.
She's not on the market anyhow.
[Flex scoffing]
- Karey?
I suggest you take
your partner elsewhere
where we don't have to hear
this Jerry Springer shit.
- [Karey] Okay.
- Thank you.
I'll be right with you.
- Outside. now.
What the hell are
you doing out here?
This is where I work.
- I was trying to call you
to see what you wanted me
to bring you for lunch.
Looks like I was unsuccessful.
- It looks like the only thing
you're gonna be successful in
is getting me fired.
- What you want me to do?
I told you I was coming up here
to take you out
for our lunch date.
- Look. that's fine and all.
but you can't come up here
parading around like
some angry black woman.
okay. you could've
called the store.
- Look. I just wanted to
spend a little time with you.
Look. that's fine and all.
but the way you talked to
our customer was crazy.
Look. you can't just assume
that I'm gonna talk to someone
just because I'm
conversing with them.
- Well. given your
trifling history.
I think I have a valid
reason to think that way.
- You know. I told yo that shit
to be honest with you.
If you can't accept it.
then don't fuck with it.
- Okay. babe. I'm sorry.
- That's fine.
- Well. how about later on?
- Look. I already got
plans with the crew.
- How about afterwards?
- That's fine. but
I can't be too long.
You know I have to study.
- Well. maybe tomorrow
night or something?
- Look. I gotta get
back inside. all right?
- Okay. I'll see you later.
- Yeah.
- Okay. see you later.
- All right.
[upbeat funk music]
♪ All the feelings
don't control ♪
♪ The ways in which I
end up I don't know ♪
♪ I got the saddest
feeling nowadays ♪
♪ And all that changed
♪ I'm much too far away
♪ Sometimes in the night
♪ Got me aching. working
hours in the cold ♪
- I don't know who your plug is.
but I'm gonna have
to steal him from you
and open up a store myself.
- I mean. the way this
government is set up.
might not even have to.
Thinking about
opening my own spot
on the West Coast anyway.
- Mm.
So you got 250.000 to invest?
- Not yet.
- Well. you better start
saving your pennies.
Speaking of which. you
better win this best.
'Cause this Swisher
Sweet ain't gonna
be the only thing you
got your lips around.
- Yeah. man. gimme my shit.
- But I'm for real. though.
You sure you wanna do this?
- I'm pretty sure I'm sure.
Why wouldn't I be?
Karey's my nigga. you know.
I'm not about to let
some silly ass bet
come between us.
You know what I mean?
It's all fun and games.
- That's not what
I'm talking about.
- Well. what's the problem?
- Look.
Women could see what
men can't see. okay?
It's just like some
sixth sense shit
or something like that.
I just want you to
be careful. okay.
- Well. you say
what you gotta say.
- Just be careful.
Everything that
glitter ain't gold.
- Listen. I hear what
you saying and all that.
but just remember that.
I read people for a
living. all right?
And I play my cards based off
of what my gut tells me.
- Mm.
- Based on that
mark on your face.
your stomach's making
a fool of you. bruh.
[both laughing]
- Listen. I'll remember that
the next time I deposit
another bankroll
in my account.
just remember that.
Scared money don't make money.
Remember that.
- I'm going.
- What's up Dante?
- Oh. hey. what's up?
- I haven't seen you in a while.
- Yeah.
I'll be up there in a minute.
- Mm-hmm.
- So. um. are you the type
to grind against the wall
to intimidate me
from talking to you?
Or are the type to
kind of look around
and see what
everybody's wearing?
- Perhaps all of the above.
- Interesting.
- Interesting? How so?
- Well. I mean most
women wouldn't tell
their most dark and
intimate secrets
to my species.
- What can I say?
I'm one of a kind.
- I think I'm already convinced.
- Are you sure?
You barely know me.
- Let's just say
that I have a knack
for reading people.
- So what are you.
psychic or something?
- Almost.
I'm a poker player.
- Really?
That's means you
like to make money.
- Only when it
involves increasing
the money in my bank account.
- So what's your
flavor of choice?
- I don't have a
flavor of choice.
I just know what I
like when I see it.
- Likewise.
- Ronnie.
- Sarriyah.
Might I get you a
drink or something?
- No need for that.
I don't know you well enough.
- I guess I'll have to know you
in order to offer you a drink?
- Yes.
You can't just trust
anyone these days.
But since you're were
gentleman enough to offer.
I'll bum a smoke with you.
- Let's do it.
- Engineering.
That means you're
good with numbers.
- I guess I'm okay with them.
What about you?
- Psychology.
- Psychology?
- Mm-hmm.
- What made you decide
to get into that?
- I was always intrigued
by how the mind works.
- The mind is
definitely intriguing.
So let me ask you this.
What was on your mind
during hell week?
- Shit. the only
thing I can think of
is how far these women
are gonna push me
before I snap.
- Well.
Obviously you didn't.
So was it worth it?
- So far I can say it was.
But then again. it's
too early to tell.
You planning on pledging?
- Who me?
Hell no. man. I don't
bow down for no man.
- So you think wearing letters
are punks or something?
- I didn't say that.
- So what do you mean?
- I was just saying
that I don't-
- It's okay.
I was just playing with you.
I can see where
you're coming from.
A lot of people may not
look at it the way we do.
- So what made you
decide to do it?
- I grew up in a house
full of straight men
and I wanted sisters.
- That's deep.
- This looks like my cue.
- Ronnie?
- My bad.
I'm not good with names.
- For now.
- [Sarriyah] So you planning
on me remembering your name?
- You will soon enough.
- See you.
[upbeat funk music]
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
Oh. hey. babe.
Oh. pretty good.
better than most.
Well. for one. the drinks
weren't watered down.
Well. I mean besides Ronnie.
I didn't bring home
any strays. so.
you don't have to worry.
Thanks. babe.
Everything went good.
I just about to get
ready for work. so.
All right. bye.
That was Shelley.
[gentle music]
So. I heard the party
was nice last night.
- Something like that.
- Why you trying to be modest?
I mean. word on the street says
you trying to make moves
on one of the new girls.
- Man. don't worry about that.
Just make sure you
don't fall behind.
I'm a close the deal
in about a week.
- A week?
You that confident. huh?
- I'm about my money
in case you forgot.
- Just make sure you cross
the finish line this time.
- My work speaks for itself.
- If you say so.
- So what's up with Shelley?
- I mean. nothing
much. it's all good.
- Man. quit bullshitting.
you know what I'm talking about.
She is cool or whatever.
but you might want to tell
her to chill a little bit.
- I mean. she does
have a little bit
of a jealousy thing going on.
but it's not that bad.
- You sure?
Don't let things
get outta control.
Next thing you know.
she gonna be tapping
your phone like old
girl did on "Power."
No need to worry about that.
Yeah. aight.
- What's going on?
- That's my cue.
- [Karey] Your cue?
- Yeah. I smell
grits. eggs. bacon.
with a touch of syrup.
- You greedy.
- Yeah. aight.
- Let's go.
- Good morning. Ms. Gill.
Sure smells good in here.
You got croissants. too?
- Hey. Ron.
By the looks of it.
you look like you need
a home cooked meal.
How is everything?
- You can sure say that again.
But. you know.
same old same old.
- I hear that you
are on your way
to getting a full
ride in grad school.
- Yeah.
It looks like that.
I just gotta close this deal.
- Still playing poker. I see.
- [Ronnie] Yeah.
something like that.
- Maybe you just
need to find a way
to stay outta trouble.
- Mm.
I mean. I don't really
have to look very far
because where I'm from.
trouble seems to find me.
- Why is that every
black man's excuse
that come from the hood?
- Maybe because that's where
all the trouble resides.
- You know. I could
probably pull some strings
for you at my job.
We can use someone like you.
- Me?
Working a traditional
nine to five?
For minimum wage?
Ah. you see. me going that route
is exactly what's gonna
keep me in the hood.
- That sounds a whole lot better
than gambling your life away
for a few poker chips.
- Ms. Gill. believe me.
It's never just a
few poker chips.
- Anyways.
How's your grandma doing?
- She's doing pretty good.
How about yourself?
- Well. outside of
these god awful hours.
everything's fine.
- You look like you can use
a little stress reliever.
[Ms. Gill laughing]
- If by drinking that poison
that you like to dive into.
I'm think I'm a take rain check.
- That's not even
what I mean. Ms. Gill.
I'm just saying I think
that you should get out
of the house sometimes.
You know. going to
God's house is great.
I mean. it's awesome.
but at the same time
I know you wanna
create some memories
that you can share
with your grandchildren
once they start coming.
I mean. what's a life without
exciting stories to tell?
Not a life at all. really.
- You know what. that's
my cue. how 'bout that?
I'm a holler at you.
Aight.
- Aight.
- You right.
But the way my child is going.
I don't look for anything
like that anytime soon.
- Yeah. I know what you mean.
but maybe that's something
you should talk to her about.
Although I know it probably
won't do very much good.
- I'm not gonna waste my time.
This.
Is all I need.
- I cannot argue with you there.
Nah. seriously. though.
You need to get
out of the house.
As a matter of fact.
I'm gonna take you out.
- I'm not so sure about that.
- Why. you ain't got
nothing else to do.
- Okay.
Why not?
When and where are we going?
- Listen. don't you
worry about that.
You just make sure you
don't flake on me tonight.
- Mister. you have
yourself a deal.
Let me get you a plate.
- See. now that's what
I'm talking about.
A couple of them
croissants up there.
[upbeat funk music]
- Yo. Ron. where you at man?
Call me back.
- Oh. I didn't expect
to find you here.
- Uh. well. last time I checked
it is our place of
higher learning. right.
- I know that. but
I didn't expect
to see you.
- Well. here I am.
- Looks like you got your
eyes on something else.
- Huh?
Oh. I mean. something like that.
- [Flex] Want me
to introduce you.
- Introduce me?
What makes you think I
need any introduction?
- Sweat beating down
your face. that's all.
Besides it's that that
time of season anyway.
- Which is?
- Cuffin' season.
Look I'm just messing
with you. come on.
You keep your head
in the books all day?
- Of course.
Gotta keep them
grades up to compete.
Besides. there ain't much
to look at until now.
- Just trying to run game.
If you really felt that way.
we coulda been
skipped small talk.
- That's what I'm doing.
Besides. who said I
was talking about you?
- Oh. it's like that. huh?
- Mm-hmm.
- It's all right. you'd
be missing out anyway.
Anyhow. this is-
- Karey.
- Yeah.
- [Woman] I know who she is.
- Is that a good thing or bad?
- Well. it depends
on your performance
and behavior to see if
you confirm the rumors.
- That's my cue.
I'm a catch y'all later.
- So. what's your major?
- Psychology.
- Oh. yeah.
So you're trying to be...
- A family psychologist.
- What made you pick that major?
- Well. I like to
work with children
and families and my
upbringing wasn't
in the best of environments.
so this is my way
of giving back.
So what about you?
What's your major?
- I'm majoring in pre-med
with a minor in economics.
- Okay.
Because?
- Well. as far as the
economics part goes.
I mean. I like numbers.
I'm pretty good
with calculation.
- So I take it you're always
weighing a risk and what not?
- Yeah. something like that.
- So is that why you
like to play poker?
- You done your homework I see.
- You could say that.
So. I hear you're
quite the player.
the poker player.
- I'm okay at it.
I mean. it keeps money
in my pocket. so.
- So. what can you
bring to the table?
- Okay. straight
to the point I see.
- I don't think there's
any other way to be.
Why should I spend
my time with you?
- Excuse me?
- Why should we let you
in our organization?
- Oh. wait. you think I wanna
be a part of your sorority?
Nah. sweetheart.
Thanks. but no thanks.
- Really?
- I mean. I can't deal
with female groups.
That's just too much
drama. not for me.
- Well. it's a shame.
It would be nice to have
a cute face on our team.
I really like it when people
care about their money.
Speaking of money. I
gotta get back to it.
Let me see your phone.
DM me sometime.
[dramatic music]
- Ronnie.
- How you doing?
- Nice to meet you.
Ronnie. too.
Never mind then.
- All right. guys.
Everyone have their cards?
All right. so I
don't think we need
a reminder of how this game
is to be played. correct?
All right.
Gentlemen. do we have
an understanding?
- Understood.
- Indeed.
[upbeat funk music]
- All right. guys. looks like
a pair of queens
matched the pot.
- [Man] Shit.
- Good game.
- Yes. thanks man.
- And then there were two.
- You know. at
some point in time
that luck gonna run out.
- Is that what you tell yourself
to make yourself feel better?
- No. that's just
what I tell everyone
before they lose that big pot.
Better be careful. bruh.
- Why is that?
- Because you have no
idea what I'm capable of.
- Yeah. what makes you
think that you know me
better than I know you?
- You see. I know your type man.
You the type to try
to take big risks.
You know what I mean?
You don't even think before
you put all your chips in.
Man. that's what's
gonna cost you.
Look. because at some
point in your life.
you're gonna make a bet
that your ass can't cash.
So. yeah. I know
your type real well.
- I'm all in.
- I call.
[man laughing]
My point exactly.
You know. I can only imagine
the trouble that you got in
when you was growing up. man.
- [Ronnie] All young boys
get into trouble growing up.
- [Man] Nah. not like you. bruh.
- All right fellows.
Looks like this is it.
- Ooh.
Not quite.
- Looks like this
just took a turn.
- Damn.
Again.
Almost.
- Last one.
Three of a kind
beats pocket kings.
- Yeah. you know me quite well.
You know the guy that
just took all your money.
But you know.
Don't take it personal. though.
You just lost from a player
that's better than you.
Here. here's a
little tip for you.
It should be more than enough
to Uber your sorry
ass back home.
Rule number one.
Never play someone that
has nothing to lose.
[upbeat funk music]
- Maybe not nigga.
Gimme the shit.
Bitch.
- Don't end up a victim.
Back the fuck up.
- All right. all
right. all right.
just take it easy.
- Take it easy.
- Oh. yeah. take it
easy little mama.
[punch striking]
- Shut the fuck up.
Who asked you to speak.
- All right. bitch. geez.
All right.
- Let's try this once again.
- [Man] Why you keep hitting me.
- You speak when I
allow you to speak.
Good.
Now where's the money.
- Old boy took it.
- What right do you
have to take it?
- Wait. I didn't have a
right to take it. okay.
- Look at you.
Got all the makings
of a good bitch.
Look sweet enough to.
I'm a call you Betty Crocker.
So listen here. Betty.
If I were you. I'd get the fuck
outta here right now.
And if I catch you
around here again.
I'm a empty the clip next time.
And don't think for a second
because I'm a woman
I won't do it.
- All right.
- You must be the
luckiest guy I know.
♪ Codes. these
brothers my guys ♪
♪ Know that they fly
♪ Know that they ride or die
♪ I keep boy by my side
♪ CJ. Ike. never
gonna row with Ice ♪
♪ Why they wanna
move like that ♪
♪ Why you wanna go on
♪ Why you wanna act like that
♪ Why you play hard
♪ Generations go up
♪ Look how things will slip
♪ People that quick
♪ Why they wanna
move like a brick ♪
♪ Boy when it throws him back
- Yo. what up. what up.
- Yo. man. you gotta start
locking your door. man.
- Hey. man. look. the
reason I don't lock my door
is 'cause y'all coming in here
every five minutes.
I ain't gotta get up every time.
- [Karey] What's good fellas.
- Okay. don't come
up in here with that.
Don't come up in here with that.
- You about to lose anyway.
- Look. tell he's about
to get that ass beat.
- I see.
- Not even on my worst day. boy.
- All right. here it is.
Mm.
Yes. sir.
My guy. throw me my money.
You know what I'm saying.
This is what I like.
Hey. look at the rate you going.
You gonna have me
pay off Sallie Mae
sooner than I expected.
- Bro.
- Probably about two years.
- Damn. Tommy. another one.
- Karey. look.
Look K. don't start.
- Why you glowing
like it's Christmas?
- Damn. is it that obvious.
Hell. yeah. you
glowing. glowing.
like you so bright. I could put
you on top of a Christmas tree.
- Man. get outta here.
- I'm just saying.
Who is she anyways?
- Terry.
- Terry from the Gammas?
- Yeah.
She's the one. y'all.
- Ooh.
You might as well fuck
Beyonce. too while you at it.
- Oh. please believe.
she's somewhere on a list. too.
Don't get it twisted.
- Okay.
What happened to Shelley?
- Man. I just can't deal
with that whiny type.
Not to mention the
stalker type either.
And besides. that
extra thousand dollars
is gonna have my resume
looking real nice.
- I don't know about all that.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- It means he doesn't
think you and Ronnie
both were serious about
this bet y'all got going on.
- Why wouldn't we be?
- I mean. 'cause y'all
old friends. like.
we don't want y'all
fiending over some money.
you feel me?
At the same time.
you need to definitely watch out
for that little
Gamma that you got.
'cause you know what they
say about those Gammas.
They always turn people out.
- Yeah. honestly.
you might as well
just join the organization.
- Oh. hell. no. that
is not my thing.
- What's wrong with
pledging a sorority?
- I didn't say nothing
was wrong with it.
I just see them
hos as the uppity
and bougie type. that's all.
- Speaking of bougie.
What's up Nikki.
- Not a damn thing.
- How's the search going Nikki?
- Tough.
I still have to write
an entrance letter
and I haven't even
gotten a mentor yet.
- What. you better
talk to Karey.
She got the plug already.
- Really?
- For sho'.
- Damn K. you been holding
out this whole time.
- Look. I just me the
woman today. relax.
Pipe down.
- So who is she?
- Terry Williamson.
- Okay.
What?
Okay. roll up. so you
tryna fuck her. right.
- Something like that.
something like that.
- Well. you better get in line
'cause many have
tried and failed.
- Okay. well. it sounds like
you been hanging around
with a bunch of losers to me.
- Doesn't say much about y'all.
- Know what. whatever.
What y'all getting
into this weekend?
- You know me. man.
like I'm a be just chillin' out.
Prolly at the bowling
alley or something.
- Yeah. I got a shawtie
I'm tryna to meet
after this interest
meeting for the Gammas.
- Wait.
Interest meeting.
They had an interest meeting.
- Yeah. it's about that time.
You know.
Why. are you interested?
- Oh. no.
Not my crowd. I just
didn't know how it worked.
- Basically what happens is
they have an interest
meeting every year
and. you know. they have
the girls come out there
and stuff like that
and you know how
they be looking.
- Yeah. yeah.
- And then they go in there
and they think that
they. you know.
got a fair shot. but
they really don't.
They already know who
it is that they picking
before they even bring
the girls out there. so.
You should go down there
and see what's up.
it may benefit you.
- Oh. no. no uh-uh.
this is not my
type of thing. so.
but anyway. I'm gonna get going
and I'll see you guys later.
Peace.
- Aight. yeah.
[upbeat funk music]
- Good evening madam.
- Thank you. but
I'm not interested.
I have a boyfriend.
- Boyfriend?
No. it's not like that.
I was trying to invite you.
- Okay. let me stop
you right there.
I don't mean to be rude.
but I just don't have
any time to spend.
- Well. it's not like that.
What I wanted to do
was invite you out
to our church services
tomorrow night.
We'll have an
interesting meeting
for anyone that
may be interested
in going on a free trip to Korea
to help tutor some kids.
- Oh.
Okay.
Well. sorry.
I just don't really
do the church thing
and I've kind of had my
fair share of fake people.
- I completely understand.
but if you change your mind.
don't hesitate to stop by.
- Thanks.
But. no thanks.
- There's no need to be ashamed.
I could've happened to anyone.
So who were those guys?
- Just some dudes I know
from around the way.
- I can see that.
The question is
which around the way
have you been mingling in?
- I mean it's not
really hard to tell.
You see where I stay.
- You ever thought about moving?
- Moving.
Of course I have.
But I haven't exactly
been in a situation
where I'm able to just
up and leave. you know.
- Sounds more like
an excuse to me.
What you expect me to say?
That I understand.
At the end of the
day. the only thing
that matters is the end result.
You can't tell me
that you're willing
to risk your earnings
to play poker.
but too scared to
move outta the hood.
- You're right about one thing.
I am lucky.
But it doesn't really look like
I'm having much of a choice
being that my rent
money was in that bag.
which I'm already two
months behind in paying.
Where'd you bring me anyways?
- A place that's
a whole lot safer
than where you just came from.
- [Sorority Girl 1] So
who's next on the list?
- [Sorority Girl 2]
That's a cute picture.
- [Sorority Girl 1] I'm not
too impressed with that one.
- Okay.
We have Hederina George.
She's a major in
political science
from Orlando. Florida.
Says here that she
wants to continue
the tradition of
Gammas in her family.
She's been around
since she was four.
- Right.
- She has three
community service awards
through her church and...
Yeah. she has as
lot of good source..
- I don't know.
what do you think?
- I mean. it sounds
nice on paper.
but I don't know this chick.
- I haven't seen
her around anywhere.
- [Sorority Girl 2] Yeah. next.
- Well. right here we
have Nikki Tremaine.
She's from Miami. Florida.
She has a degree
in fashion design.
She has a GPA of a 3.3 and
three letters of recommendation.
Says here she was an MVP from
last season of volleyball.
Her hobbies are working
out and swimming.
- Don't like that post.
Let me see.
Yeah.
I mean. have you seen
her around or anything?
- I mean. I've seen her around.
She acts like she's too
good and guess what?
- What?
- She hangs out
with Remy and Tommy.
- Wait. is she
that redhead chick?
Oh. my gosh.
I mean the only time
I've ever seen her
is when she's been
toe down at the club.
I mean. she does
stay on that side
if you know what I mean.
- Exactly.
And her resume isn't
even up to par.
- I mean does she have anything
through service at least?
I don't see it in here.
I don't know.
I mean more than
a GPA and an MVP.
- [Sorority Girl 1] Right.
- I mean if the only
time I'm gonna see
this chick is when
it's time to pregame.
that's a problem.
I mean it'd be nice
if we had someone
with a connection
to the church. you know.
- Exactly.
- Something useful.
but I don't know.
We can least put her
in the maybe pile
'cause at least she's pretty.
We put her in the maybe.
but right now I'm just...
- Good evening ladies.
Hi. I'm Nikki Tremaine.
Nice to meet you.
I just wanted to invite you guys
to a little event I'm
hosting at my church.
- Okay. what church.
It's right there.
- St. Matthews Church.
- [Nikki] That one. yes.
- And what exactly do you do?
- I am the event
coordinator there.
- Interesting.
I've never seen
you there before.
I've been there for three years
and you've never been around.
- Yes. well. with
all the partying
and studying done. I am now able
to give back to the community
and especially to the Lord.
- Can't argue with that.
- Anyhow. I just wanted
to invite you guys
to see if you
would be interested
in coming to support it.
- Okay. do you have
any extra flyers?
- No. that's my last
one. I'm so sorry.
But. it was nice
meeting you ladies
and I hope to see you there.
- Okay.
- Toodles.
- Can you believe her.
- I can't.
- At least she's
connected to the church.
I'll give her that.
[upbeat funk music]
- Damn.
She thinker in a stickup.
- Boy. you ain't never lie.
Look at it.
- Let me see. zoom in. zoom in.
Ooh. whee. I gotta
give it to you K.
you pull this one off.
I'll have to call
you the real MVP.
- Look. don't let Ronnie
hear that. though.
- Yeah. look Ronnie
ain't gotta worry
about all that. you
know what I'm saying.
- Look. both of them
can get it either way.
As a matter of fact. hey. K.
can you put me on as
soon as you get it.
- Look. we'll see
about all that.
But as of right now.
I'm gonna have to
cuff this one y'all.
- Cuff. are you playing cuff?
Oh. you gonna love.
I never took you as the type.
- I don't know man.
this one's vibe just
seems different.
- Oh. different.
- So what is it?
It's the tits?
Nah. it's the thighs.
- No. bruh. it's that ass.
- It's the ass.
- Negative. negative gentlemen.
Look. it's that smile
and that pretty face.
Just look at it. damn.
- What about fat
ass pussy print?
See. here I am thinking
you're damn day
is looking at my picture
and you about to leave
the floor looking
at the next bitch.
- Man. look at the
time. it's time to go.
Come on man. we gotta go.
- So you just gonna leave me.
- Catch you later. K.
- We both out.
- Really!
Look. I was just.
I was just looking.
- I see you telling
one half of the truth.
but the better question would be
are you fucking her?
- No. I'm not fucking her.
- By the way your face
is. I couldn't tell.
What happened to us hooking up?
- I just got caught
up on something.
- Like what?
Hanging over at Tommy's place?
Being here is more important
than hanging with me?
See.
That's what I'm talking about.
How you expect me to hold up
my end of things and be strong
when you can't even hold down
your end of the bargain.
You know what?
Do you even wanna
be with me anymore?
That's all I needed to know.
- Man. come on. stop being-
- Don't even waste my time.
Do you like her?
- Look. she's nobody.
Damn.
What?
- Really.
- Ooh.
How you doing?
- Let me holler at her.
- What you doing here Addison?
- I was hoping we could talk.
- Talk?
Talk about what?
- Can we go somewhere quiet?
- Come on. man.
- I sure hope it's a
shower in this place
so I can clean myself.
Listen. for what it's worth.
I wanna say thank you because
you didn't have to do
what you did. but you did.
- I know your type.
- Really?
- Yeah. really.
- I guess I need to
work on my poker face
'cause it seems as
if a lot of people
got me figured out these days.
- Maybe you do.
- You know. I'm really surprised
to find a girl like you here.
- Why is that?
- You know I always took it
that you sorority
types were. you know.
uppity and rich.
- Well. for what it's worth.
not everything you hear about us
is entirely accurate.
We don't all come from
prestigious backgrounds.
- Sure had me fooled.
- But to be curious. what
do they say about us?
- You know. that
you're rich. stuck up
and you only associate yourself
with the purists.
- Define pure.
- Let's just say the type
that hasn't given up
their most precious asset.
- Well. you're close.
Most of us are pure
and some of us are stuck
up. but not all of us.
But yes. most of my
kind do have money.
- I figured.
So. how do you get your money?
- That's what you're
about to find out.
- [Ronnie] I'm not
quite sure I understand.
- Ronnie. this is
a beautiful woman
who just came from
a hard day at work.
Now she doesn't have time
to go to Blue Martini
or some Bible study
to find Prince Charming.
She has a kid at home and wants
to fulfill her needs
without any obligation
or attachment for that matter.
She has needs just like
any woman or man has.
That's where you come in.
Don't worry about anything.
It's completely safe
and security's right outside.
And I don't think I need
to explain the kind
of debt you owe me
from saving your life tonight.
Besides. I'm sure you
could use the rent money.
Now I expect you to be
a very good employee
and pay your debt.
Don't worry. there's
money at the end
of the session.
She'll leave it
on the nightstand.
You work for me now.
[upbeat funk music]
♪ I have a feeling
♪ Don't control the
was in which I end up ♪
♪ I don't know
♪ I got the saddest
feeling nowadays ♪
♪ That all our dreams
are much too far away ♪
♪ Sometimes in the night
♪ Got me aching. working
hours in the cold ♪
♪ And I can't imagine
how it feels ♪
♪ To end up with you
feeling you had to go ♪
♪ I'm in love. starving
♪ Praying nothing else
would grow apart ♪
♪ I guess we're all dying
♪ Waiting for the
world to lose control ♪
♪ 'Cause you showed
what it's really like ♪
♪ To feel like you've
got the world ♪
♪ By your side
♪ 'Cause trust me babe
♪ I don't look good
♪ Give all I had and a
little boy and I should ♪
♪ Got to sense that I
ain't made for much ♪
♪ 'Cause what I feel
is never understood ♪
♪ But I guess I'll
tell you another day ♪
- Yo. where'd you
even come from?
- Does that matter.
It still doesn't change the fact
that the people who rarely play
are the ones who actually win.
- People come around
when something happens
or they need something.
Getting paid to do
that almost seems
too good to be true.
She used to always tell me.
hey. you need to slow down
when I was playing poker
and I was like slow down
and go find someone.
I guess she doesn't want
me to end up like her.
- I think there's something
that you might wanna know
about your little boyfriend.
- [Girl] Let's just
say I need to be
in touch with the camera.
- [Karey] So you
are trying to play.
- What the hell are you doing?
What the hell does that
have to do with me?
Girl. it's survival out here.
- You know. you know
you're really not that bad.
- We still going to the party?
- [Nikki] I hope you do.
Ron. it's been a little minute.